Release Notes for DTM 10.16 (#93)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-16-0/digital-twin-manager-10-16-0-bundle/10-16-0-0.md

---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.16.0.0
layout: bundle
---

> ### Improvements in Digital Twin Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Improvements
```

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>

> <td>The DTM application is integrated with Gainsight to capture the data.</td>

Reviewer: I don´t think that users know what Gainsight is. Please explain a bit more what this means and what is captured.

Author: Done

<td>CTM-130</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Added warning notification if any custom property associated with an asset is deleted using Cumulocity REST apis when an asset is viewed</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Added a warning notification if a custom property associated with an asset is deleted using Cumulocity REST APIs when an asset is viewed.</td>
```

> <td>Added a warning notification if a custom property associated with an asset is deleted using Cumulocity REST APIs when an asset is viewed.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Added a warning notification which shows up if a custom property associated with an asset is deleted using Cumulocity IoT REST APIs while an asset is viewed.</td>
```

<td>CTM-141</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>A confirmation pop-up is shown in the <b>Property library</b> page for every delete operation.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>A confirmation popup is shown in the <b>Property library</b> page for every delete operation.</td>
```

> <td>The user sees a confirmation pop-up in the <b>Property library</b> page for every delete operation.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>A confirmation pop-up is shown in the <b>Property library</b> page for every delete operation.</td>
```

<td>CTM-159</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Implemented a maximum file size field for custom properties of type file.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Implemented a maximum file size field for custom properties of type "file".</td>
```

<td>CTM-175</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Added a confirmation popup which notifies user that the changes made to asset type will not be reflected in the assets that are currently associated with it</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Added a confirmation popup which states that the changes made to the asset type will not be reflected in the assets that are currently associated with it.</td>
```

<td>CTM-144</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Added a confirmation popup which notifies user that the changes made to the custom property will not be reflected in the assets that are currently associated with it's asset type</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Added a confirmation popup which states that the changes made to the custom property will not be reflected in the assets that are currently associated with it's asset type.</td>
```

<td>CTM-147</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>An alert save pop-up is displayed in the localization page.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>An alert save popup is displayed in the localization page.</td>
```

> <td>An alert save pop-up is displayed in the localization page.</td>

Reviewer: localization page > is this the name of a page? Then it should be <b>Localization</b> page

Author: Yes, modified.

> <td>An alert save pop-up is displayed in the localization page.</td>

Reviewer: What is an "alert save popup"?

Author: Pop up which informs user about their unsaved changes

<td>CTM-155</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

> ### Fixes in Digital Twin Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixes
```

> <td>An alert save popup is displayed in the <b>Localization</b> page.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>An alert popup which warns the user about unsaved changes is displayed in the <b>Localization</b> page.</td>
```

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>

> <td>The <b>Import assets</b> button is not visible for the last asset in the hierarchy now.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The <b>Import assets</b> button is no longer visible for the last asset in the hierarchy.</td>
```

> <td>The Import Assets button is not visible for the last asset in the hierarchy now.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>The <b>Import Assets</b> button is not visible for the last asset in the hierarchy now.</td>
```

<td>CTM-170</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>The loading message in the localization page is corrected.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The loading message in the localization page has been corrected.</td>
```

> <td>The loading message in the localization page is corrected.</td>

Reviewer: Should this be <b>Localization</b> page?

Author: Yes, modified.

<td>CTM-154</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>An issue observed during hierarchy creation is fixed.</td>
<td>CTM-125</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>An issue while creating subassets when there are both required and optional child asset types at same level is fixed.</td>
<td>CTM-167</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Changes made in the asset type page are getting saved now.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Changes made in the <b>Asset type</b> page are now saved.</td>
```

<td>CTM-157</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Provided a fix for the Add child asset window which became unresponsive for assets that had a custom property deleted from the backend.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>A fix has been fix for the <b>Add child asset</b> window which became unresponsive for assets that had a custom property deleted from the backend.</td>
```

Author: I think you mean"A fix has been provided" not "A fix has been fix"

<td>CTM-196</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>A warning message is now displayed on deletion of a custom property from the backend.</td>
<td>CTM-200</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>The properties tab is not displayed when there are no properties defined.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The <b>Properties</b> tab is not displayed when there are no properties defined.</td>
```

<td>CTM-174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>The text of the unassign device alert popup has been corrected.</td>
<td>CTM-189</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Users are now able to delete the uploaded file in custom properties of an asset.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Users can now delete the uploaded file in the custom properties of an asset.</td>
```

<td>CTM-198</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Fixed a bug where a bulk import failed if the complex property contains a duplicate label.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Fixed an issue where a bulk import failed if the complex property contains a duplicate label.</td>
```

<td>CTM-195</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Fixed localization issues related to the bulk import feature.</td>
<td>CTM-153</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>The creation of assets via bulk import event is now getting triggered in the Gainsight application.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The creation of assets via bulk import is now triggered in the Gainsight application.</td>
```

> <td>The creation of assets via bulk import event is now getting triggered in the Gainsight application.</td>

Reviewer: Again, I don´t think that Gainsight is a term familiar to the user.

Author: Explained about it

---
weight: 40
title: Release 10.16.0.0
layout: bundle
---

### Improvements

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>DTM application is integrated with Gainsight to capture the data.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>The DTM application is integrated with Gainsight to capture the data.</td>
```

<td>CTM-130</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

Reviewer 2: this line is repeated for many entries. could we just place it once at the top instead?

Reviewer 3: I agree.

Author: Placed as part of heading

> <td>Graceful handling of custom property and asset type deletion from backend is implemented.</td>

Reviewer 2: what does "graceful" mean?

Author: Basically we are displaying a warning message stating that property not found

<td>CTM-141</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>On delete operation in Property library page confirmation pop-up is shown.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>The on delete operation is shown in the Property library page confirmation pop-up.</td>
```

<td>CTM-159</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Implemeted maximum file size field for custom property of file type.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Implemented a maximum file size field for custom properties of type file.</td>
```
please check if this is the meaning that was intended.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<td>Implemeted maximum file size field for the custom property "file type".</td>
```

<td>CTM-175</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Graceful handling of asset type edit case when it has instances created out of it.</td>

Reviewer 2: see above, what does "graceful" mean?

Author: Editing an already used AssetType will show a popup on click of save button stating below
"This asset type is used by one or more existing assets and they may not reflect this change. Do you want to proceed?"
User can click on either "Cancel" or "Confirm" button

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<td>Added a confirmation popup which notifies user that the changes made to asset type will not be reflected in the assets that are currently associated with it</td>
```

<td>CTM-144</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Graceful handling of custom property edit case when existing asset types/assets are using it.</td>

Reviewer 2: see above, what does "graceful" mean?

Author: Editing an already used custom property will show a popup on click of save button stating below
"This custom property is associated with one or more asset types. Any existing assets of those types may not reflect this change. Do you want to proceed?"
User can click on either "Cancel" or "Confirm" button

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<td>Added a confirmation popup which notifies user that the changes made to the custom property will not be reflected in the assets that are currently associated with it's asset type</td>
```

<td>CTM-147</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Display of Alert save pop-up in Localization page.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>An alert save pop-up is displayed in the localization page.</td>
```

Reviewer 3: @spau6 What is meant with "alert save"?

<td>CTM-155</td>
</tr>

</tbody></table></div>

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Import Assets button is not visible for last asset in the hierarchy now.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>The Import Assets button is not visible for the last asset in the hierarchy now.</td>
```
this sounds a bit like it describes the situation prior to fixing - should it really be invisible?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<td>Th **Import assets** button is no longer visible for last asset in the hierarchy.</td>
```

<td>CTM-170</td>
</tr>

<tr>

> <td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

Reviewer 2: see above, added for every entry instead of "once"

Author: Placed as part of heading

> <td>Localization page loading message is corrected.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>The loading message in the localization page is corrected.</td>
```

<td>CTM-154</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Issue observed during hierarchy creation is fixed.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>An issue observed during hierarchy creation is fixed.</td>
```
What was the issue?

<td>CTM-125</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Issue while creating subassets when there are both required and optional child asset types at same level is fixed.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>An issue while creating subassets when there are both required and optional child asset types at same level is fixed.</td>
```
What was the issue?

<td>CTM-167</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Changes made in asset type page are getting saved now.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Changes made in the asset type page are getting saved now.</td>
```

<td>CTM-157</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Provided fix for Add child asset window which goes unresponsive for the asset whose custom property is deleted from backend.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Provided a fix for the Add child asset window which became unresponsive for assets that had a custom property deleted from the backend.</td>
```

<td>CTM-196</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Warning message is displayed on deletion of custom property from backend now.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>A warning message is now displayed on deletion of a custom property from the backend.</td>
```

<td>CTM-200</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Properties tab is not displayed when there are no properties defined.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>The properties tab is not displayed when there are no properties defined.</td>
```

<td>CTM-174</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>
<td>Unassign device alert popup text has been corrected.</td>
<td>CTM-189</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Able to delete uploaded file in custom properties of asset.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Users are now able to delete the uploaded file in custom properties of an asset.</td>
```

<td>CTM-198</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>
<td>Fixed the failure of Bulk Import if complex property consists of duplicate labels.</td>
<td>CTM-195</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Digital Twin Manager</td>

> <td>Fixed the Localization issues related to Bulk import feature.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Fixed localization issues related to the bulk import feature.</td>
```
